This document contains a comprehensive list of tests
performed on the server (Server.java). These tests
were all done through the ServerTestGUI, which is
a GUI that allows us to send text commands (that
satisfy the line protocol) to the server. The server
sends the client certain messages, and those
messages are shown to the tester. This is how 
we tested the validity of the various messages.
For multi-client tests, we simply connected
additional ServerTestGUI instances to the server.

This suite of message-passing tests is sufficient
because they inherently test all of server's
inner methods (because interaction with the
client depends on their success), and interaction
with the client is what drives the whiteboard
to perform up to spec. However, there is another
test file that tests a few of the server's
smaller, more basic methods. (See
ServerMethodTests.java.)

Note that sending messages that do not conform to
the line protocol OR that do not meet the preconditions
of the Server methods (e.g. that a certain user
or board must exist) is not a part of the spec
so these were not vigorously tested.

A client initially logs on. Client receives a:
 - Given client receives NEWBOARD sequence
 - Given client does not receive any CHAT messages
 - Given client receive ALLBOARDS message
 - All users receive ALLUSERS message
 - Clients on the new client's board (this must,
   of course, include the connecting client)
   receive a new USERSONBOARD (users-on-board)
   message
User change visible username:
 - Updated users list
   - For all users
 - Updated users-on-board list
   - For users on that board, but
     NOT for users on other boards
User changes boards:
 - New users-on-board messages for all clients on
   both the from-board (the board the client switched
   from) and the to-board (the board the client
   switched to)
User creates a new board:
 - Updated ALLBOARDS message for all clients
 - Appropriate user-change-board messages from
   server (becuase creating new board automatically
   moves caller client to the new board). See
   above.
User sends a DRAW message:
 - The DRAW message is sent to all clients on the
   caller client's board
User sends a CHAT message:
 - The CHAT message is sent to all clients on the
   caller client's board
A client disconnects:
 - All other clients that are still online receive
   a new ALLUSERS message
 - All other clients that are on the board that the
   disconnecting-client was on (until he disconnected)
   receive a new users-on-board message

